Chant those vowels, consonants, and Vajrasattva Mantras, Interdependent Coordination Mantras.
There is four groups of the mantras.
First is vowel, second is consonant, and third is Vajrasattva Mantra, and then fourth is Inter
dependent Coordination Mantras.
These three, these four mantras are very special and very powerful,
and generally these four are the vowel and the consonant, and every sound is a system.
Whether that pronounces some meaning immediately that we can understand, or not, all best on the
vowel and consonant.
It doesn't matter whether it is the language of the human beings, language of the non-human beings,
or the sound of the beings, sound of the non-beings, beings, whatever sound is best on the walls
and consonant combination, that's it, it is.
Therefore, two kind of, because the mantra is best on the voice and sound to make that everything
perfect and beautiful.
If there is some mustang arrows and mistings, anything silver, or any some,
three kind of make that show perfectly, and then the lineage masters instructed to giant those vow
els and consonants.
So we giant vowels and consonants.
And as I said the other day, vowels are also, specifically we talk that vowels and consonants has
two different kind of purpose.
Vowels are represented as skillful means, and consonants are represented as skillful means, and vow
els represent as the westerns.
That is what is known.
And M5V, where the consonants came, it really came from the vowels.
Vowels are the basic foundation of the sound systems, basic foundation of the sound systems.
So therefore, always in the very end teaching, imagine vowels representing of the great emptiness,
great worship, great emptiness, great wisdom,
great mother-pandaparamata, all mother is also there.
That is what the vowels represent.
It is in a simple word, it is the wisdom, wise, feminine aspect of the natures.
That is what the vowels are, vowels.
And from that display or from that nature, what is arising?
Then more actively arising, known as consonants, more kind of more precisely, a bird is a consonant
.
That is in the teaching of what is said, it is in the very end of teaching, in the secret of anger,
said it is represented as skillful means.
Skillful means, from the wall arises all those skillful means things.
And the combination of skillful and wisdom, then it is pronouncing something magically, coming out
of the different words, syllables, or not syllables, different words coming,
that will explain the meaning, carry it, so that we can understand what talks in the conceptual
level, as emanation, combination of that.
So therefore, vowels and consonants are so speaking, in the secret level, because all the soul
systems really pass down this.
So this is the root of the mantras, not just the root of the anything, it is the root of the mantra
.
Every sound is vowel and consonants are, that is why it is so important in the speech.
And of course, every language has vowel and consonant.
With all the vowel and consonant, there is no pronunciation welcome.
But however, this time, using the Sanskrit, as I said the other day, and many times, we all know,
we heard from many great our masters.
The Sanskrit language is the language of the devotees, the language of the also enlightened beings.
In the Buddhist literature, the Mahayana literature, he said, when you read the enlightenment, the
first time when you give the teachings,
teaching what language you will speak, and the teaching said, you will speak the language of
Sanskrit, you will speak.
So therefore, we just begin that connection right now, that we can only speak beautifully the
Sanskrit language,
and turn will of dharma in the Sanskrit language, and we make this beautiful connection.
And that's what always the teaching says.
So that is the breathing meaning of the vowel and consonants.
And then, the next one is the mantra of the Vedic Satras.
And the Vedic Satras is mantra of the, generally, of course, it is the mantra of the Vedic Satras.
But often, you see, it is the mantra of all the Buddhas, all the Buddhas, mantra of all the Buddhas
.
One hundred peaceful and vital Buddhas mantra is combined in the Vedic Satras mantra, and this has
one hundred syllables.
Or at least a hundred syllables, mantras. It represents a hundred peaceful, vital activities.
So it is the mantra of all the Buddhas.
That means, it is one hundred Buddhas, expanding way, it is the mantra of the all, the mandalas of
the Buddhas.
And every summarized one hundred Buddhas, it is summarized into five dhyana Buddhas, five dhyana.
So therefore, this is the mantra of the five dhyana Buddhas, too, in that way.
And if we summarize that, then it summarizes the Vedic Satras, so it is the mantra of the Vedic Sat
ras.
So it is, therefore, this mantra is so powerful, so special, and it has power to cleanse, purify,
and all the negative, really, obscurations and the reverse of our Buddhas natures opens it.
Among all the mantras, the Vedic Satras mantra is the most powerful mantra to cleanse, purify,
and refining, glorifying our nature, and that's what the teachings always say.
So therefore, then we practice these mantras.
And then, next one, is the inter-tryptical ordinary mantra.
Inter-tryptical ordinary mantra is, that means, actually, everything in these phenomenal systems,
whether it is samsara, whether it is nirvana, it is all connected, all interconnected.
Inter-woven, everything is woven, interwoven, woven, it is interwoven, woven state, everything.
And everything is dependent to each other.
There is nothing, one single object produces everything.
Everything is woven, connected, and through that,
medically, beautiful things are going up, again, that connected, it is ongoing, woven,
woven display of the nature, nature.
Therefore, to walk this beautifully, all our practice meditation is interdependent.
Our meditation, everything is, again, we are creating that way,
we are creating a beautiful circumstance, situation,
situation and condition, the cause, so that will bring beautiful result, result,
medically beautiful result, that is what we are doing.
For that reason, then, to highlight that, when that show becomes something,
everything becomes favorable condition, according our week, according our goal,
and therefore, we join the mantra of the inter-tryptical ordinary nachin mantras.
Then, inter-tryptical ordinary nachin mantras is actually in the Buddha teaching, is
essence of the Buddha teaching, essence of the Buddha teaching.
From day one, Buddha gave the teaching,
until he entered Mahaprabhu in the run, the last day,
the whole, his teachings are best on the inter-tryptical ordinary nachin teachings.
There is nothing teaching that out of that systems, teachings.
And therefore, his teachings are true, his teachings are natural,
his teachings are the way things are, and only showing that.
Buddha did not create it, Buddha did not publicize anything.
Buddha only cured us, where the things are.
That even these natures have been so close with us,
due to our naive and our ignorance, we did not show.
Even it is with us all the time, but Buddha pointed out,
with things are, as he described, as he realized it,
through his conviction, through his loving kindness, he showed us that.
And therefore, these teachings, entirely teachings of inter-tryptical ordinary
nachin mantras teachings. And for that reason, then we join these mantras.
And then more the teaching, also when the teaching said,
there is a, when we kind of make the, blacken the samayas, or when we kind of,
when we fall in the ditch, when we fill ourselves with ditch,
there is ditch that related with the body, that ditch that related with the speech,
ditch that related with the mind. So we can fall any of those three ditches.
And therefore, to clear up that ditch of the body in the teaching said,
then we join the consonants. Consonant mantras are repairing ditches.
Ditches of that will make, hurt our body, and connect the body with the body,
our body and the body of the Western Dakini Kṛṣṇa, or form of īkṛṣa.
Kṛṣṇa form is not just only that form, what we visualize.
It's all what we would ever see them at the very beginning when we meditate, meditate.
And to feel that the ditches of our, if we fall ditches of that,
our relative with the speech, and that is then over, over.
There's something that we did by our mind, and that is where you suffer mantras.
And to fill up that everyday path with balance, and then we do the interdependent mantras.
So those are the meaning and purpose of these mantras.
Brilliant meanings.
Of course, it can be, has huge meanings.
Meanings, and that is, again, his own individual which has his own handwriting
and translated those, for example, Vajasattva mantras that translated into English.
You can look at that, but it's big meanings, everything.
It's big meanings.
But however, as I said, meaning, the power of the mantra is not just coming by the,
by the knowing the meaning of the mantras.
But it's all coming by our concentration, devotion, and joy in that practice.
That really will come.
So those are the really about this consonant in the words.